docs: realsense guide (#322)
aica-technology/api: docs/docs/examples/guides/realsense-component.md

---
sidebar_position: 8
title: RealSense camera component
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

import orbbecMountedVolume from './assets/orbbec-mounted-udev-volume.png'
import realsenseNewApp from './assets/realsense-new-app.gif'
import realsenseRvizColor from './assets/realsense-play-rviz.gif'
import realsenseCameraParameters from './assets/realsense-camera-parameters.png'
import realsenseTemporalParameters from './assets/realsense-temporal-params.png'
import realsensePackage from './assets/realsense-collection.gif'

# RealSense camera component

AICA's `intel-realsense-collection` package includes support for a range of RealSense camera models. This guide describes all necessary
steps to install, configure and run the component using AICA Studio.

TODO: Are we adding a list of supported camera models here as well?

## Installation

:::note

For now, the RealSense camera component has only been tested on Linux machines. Other platforms might be officially
supported in the future.

:::

To ensure proper access to the camera device, special udev rules have to be applied to the Linux system the camera is

> connected to. The following commands clone the `librealsense` repo, apply the rules and then remove the directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connected to. Run the following commands in a terminal:
```

```shell
git clone --branch v2.54.1 --depth 1 https://github.com/IntelRealSense/librealsense
cd librealsense

> git checkout development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

sudo ./scripts/setup_udev_rules.sh
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
sidebar_position: 8
title: Realsense camera component
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

import orbbecMountedVolume from './assets/orbbec-mounted-udev-volume.png'
import realsenseNewApp from './assets/realsense-new-app.gif'
import realsenseRvizColor from './assets/realsense-play-rviz.gif'
import realsenseCameraParameters from './assets/realsense-camera-parameters.png'
import realsenseTemporalParameters from './assets/realsense-temporal-params.png'
import realsensePackage from './assets/realsense-collection.gif'

# RealSense camera component

> AICA's `realsense` package includes support for a range of Realsense camera models. This guide describes all necessary

Author: ```suggestion
AICA's `intel-realsense-collection` package includes support for a range of RealSense camera models. This guide describes all necessary

steps to install, configure and run the component using AICA Studio.

> TODO: Are we adding a list of supported camera models here as well?

Reviewer: The answer here is D4XX and L515 I believe
